Make parameter descriptions consistent in faceting.adoc (#2162)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/query-guide/pages/faceting.adoc

|Optional |Default: none
|===
+

> Causes case to be ignored when matching the `facet.contains` substring against candidate facet terms.

Reviewer: nit/subjective
```suggestion
If set to `true`, causes case to be ignored when matching the `facet.contains` substring against candidate facet terms.
```

Author: Nice, this appears to be consistent with other lines on this page.

|Optional |Default: none
|===
+

> The ordering of the facet field constraints. There are two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ordering of the facet field terms. There are two options:
```

|Optional |Default: `100`
|===
+

> The number of facets for a field that are returned.

Reviewer 2: "facets" is a bit overloaded here, perhaps use "count" or "size"?

Author: Yeah this doc uses `facets`, `terms`, `constraints`, `counts`, `buckets` all in kind of a similar way. I changed it to this:

```suggestion
The number of facet counts returned.
```

> The number of facets for a field that are returned.

Author: Yeah this doc uses `facets`, `terms`, `constraints`, `counts`, `buckets` all in kind of a similar way. How's this?

```suggestion
The number of facet counts returned.
```

> A negative value means that Solr will return unlimited number of constraint counts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A negative value means that Solr will return all counts.
```

|Optional |Default: `0`
|===
+

> The minimum count required for a facet field to be included in the response.
> If a field's counts are below the minimum, the field's facet is not returned.

Reviewer: Wondering about "field" versus "term" wording here. WDYT?

```suggestion
The minimum count required for a facet field term to be included in the response.
If a term's count is below the minimum, the term is not returned.
```

Author: Good question! I think I might leave this as is, since I don't fully understand how these terms are supposed to differ. These terms really need a good untangling in this document. If I get the time I'll tackle this in a separate PR to tidy it up!

|Optional |Default: `fc`
|===
+

> Selects the type of algorithm or method Solr should use when faceting a field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selects the type of algorithm or method to use when faceting a field.
```

|Optional |Default: none
|===
+

> In addition to the counts for each range constraint between `facet.range.start` and `facet.range.end`, counts should also be computed for these options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the counts for each range constraint between `facet.range.start` and `facet.range.end`, counts will also be computed for these options:
```
